fread read compressed .bgz (#5474)
Rdatatable/data.table: NEWS.md

13. `dcast`gains `value.var.in.dots`, `value.var.in.LHSdots` and `value.var.in.RHSdots` arguments, [#5824](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5824). This allows the `value.var` variable(s) in `dcast` to be represented by `...` in the formula (if not otherwise mentioned). Thanks to @iago-pssjd for the report and PR.

> 14. `fread` now supports to read a compressed `.bgz` directly, [#5461](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5461). Thanks to @TMRHarrison for the request with proposed fix, and Benjamin Schwendinger for the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
14. `fread` loads `.bgz` files directly, [#5461](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5461). Thanks to @TMRHarrison for the request with proposed fix, and Benjamin Schwendinger for the PR.
```

"now supports" felt like there was some new functionality added, but as noted, the change is much simpler than that -- a purely technical change from realizing reading `bgz` can re-used the same code as reading `gz`.
